So with this we had a little bit of a closer look at observables.
Now this is only scratching the surface as you can see in the official documentation.
There are a lot of features I didn't cover here a lot of operators.
And we also got some of the objects here for example the average subjects here are some variations of
the subject we already used for example subjects which start with a starting value which the default
subject doesn't.
Does something you absolutely should dive into on your own or with some records or tutorial if you're
interested in.
If you are working with angler only you might not need to create your own observables.
But in this case it's still important to understand how they generally work what happens behind the
scenes and where to go if you need some extra operators if you want to set up your age to the request
observable in a certain way that you return data gets transformed.
Something we will see THAAD P.S. or dad use send the rick retried who sent the request or something
like this.
Chances are there is operator which he helps you with that and therefore it definitely should dive deeper
into this documentation.
If you got any other questions connected to observables with that let's move on.